add this to the program page with images

70 PLUS CLUB
Ivory 70 Plus Club is a platform which provides healthy, recreational and fun activities (gentle Exercise-Dance, walks, yoga, etc, interactive nutritional talks, fun and social activities) for individuals at the age of 70 years and above.






WEIGHT LOSS CHALLENGE
A complete healthy lifestyle platform for everybody and every-body. We provide all the support for your weight-loss and fitness goals.

It’s simple, affordable, effective… and FUN! Whether your goal is losing a few inches, staying active, or completely transforming yourself, we offer everything you need to achieve your goals.







BOND4FITNESS
Intuitively, improved employee productivity can have considerable impact on an organization and its profitability. Corporate wellness programs tend to improve overall morale, as participating employees develop a teamwork spirit and feel better about themselves and their company.

As staff bond, fitness is promoted, accountability increases, friendships form. The benefits continue in the creation of a more energetic, positive and productive workplace.





FIT2LIVE (BOOTCAMP)
FIT: State of complete physical, social and mental well-being, which means “good form” or physical condition to function effectively in all day-to-day activities and to remain healthy.

Two things that will never change: the will to change and the fear of change. Both are essential for our well-being. It is not only the ability to change, but also the ability to resist change, which stabilizes our sense of identity.
LIVE: Hurry to live and think that each day is, by itself, a life.







CUSTOMIZED & PERSONAL TRAINING
offers you personalized training services, meeting your needs and helping you achieve your goals, before a wide range of solutions to suit you. If there is one thing we should never stop doing is to perfect ourselves … “Go the extra mile”. We can always be better, do better, live better.

BOXING CLASS
This class is not intended to teach self-defence but to build fitness & conditioning, personal development & self-confidence & blow off some steam.